Upgrade from v1.7.2 to v1.8.0
=============================

This guide will assist in upgrading your AltUnity projects from **v1.7.2** to AltTester Unity SDK **v1.8.0**.

AltUnity Tester becomes AltTester Unity SDK. The new one fits our mission to extend our test automation solution in the following directions:
support new platforms, help game testers to start automation easier and start exploring how we could support Unreal and other engines.
All changes are listed below, organized by drivers along with how to upgrade
your code to work with AltTester Unity SDK v1.8.0.

To learn more about what's new in AltTester Unity SDK v1.8.0, read the
`v1.8.0 section from our changelog <https://github.com/alttester/AltTester-Unity-SDK/blob/development/CHANGELOG.md>`_.

Python
------
**altunityrunner**  →  **alttester**

1. In case of `altunityrunner` PyPI package, we change the name to `AltTester-Driver`.

To install the new package run ``pip install AltTester-Driver``.

2. In case of `altunityrunner` python package, we change the name to `alttester`.

Replace:

.. code-block:: Python

    from altunityrunner import *

With:

.. code-block:: Python

    from alttester import *

3. In case of `AltUnityDriver` class, we changed the name to `AltDriver`.
4. In case of `AltUnityObject` class, we changed the name to `AltObject`.
5. In case of `AltUnityKeyCode` object, we changed the name to `AltKeyCode`.
6. In case of `AltUnityLogger` class, we changed the name to `AltLogger`.
7. In case of `AltUnityLogLevel` class, we changed the name to `AltLogLevel`.
8. In case of `AltUnityException` class, we changed the name to `AltException`.
9. In case of `AltUnityInvalidServerResponse` class, we changed the name to `AltTesterInvalidServerResponse`.
10. In case of `AltUnityInvalidPathException` class, we changed the name to `InvalidPathException`.
11. In case of `AltUnityInputModuleException` class, we changed the name to `AltTesterInputModuleException`.
12. In case of `AltUnityPortForwarding` class, we changed the name to `AltPortForwarding`.

Dotnet
------
**AltUnityDriver**  →  **AltTester-Driver**

1. In case of `AltUnityDriver` class, we changed the name to `AltDriver`.
2. In case of `AltUnityPortForwarding` class, we changed the name to `AltPortForwarding`.
3. In case of `AltUnityDriver` package, we changeg the name to `AltTester-Driver`.

Replace:

.. code-block:: C#

    <PropertyGroup>
        <PackageId>AltUnityDriver</PackageId>
        <TargetFrameworks>netstandard2.0;net5.0</TargetFrameworks>
        <RootNamespace>Altom.AltUnityDriver</RootNamespace>
    </PropertyGroup>

With:

.. code-block:: C#

    <PropertyGroup>
        <PackageId>AltTester-Driver</PackageId>
        <TargetFrameworks>netstandard2.0;net5.0</TargetFrameworks>
        <RootNamespace>Altom.AltTester-Driver</RootNamespace>
    </PropertyGroup>
    
Java
----
**altunityrunner**  →  **alttester**

1. In case of `altunityrunner` Maven package, we changed the name to `AltTester-Driver`.

To install the jar run ``mvn install:install-file -Dfile=./target/AltTester.jar -DgroupId=com.altom -DartifactId=alttester -Dversion=1.8.0 -Dpackaging=jar``.

2. In case of  `altunityrunner` jar, we changed the name to `alttester`.

Replace:

.. code-block:: Java

    import altunityrunner.* 

With:

.. code-block:: Java
    
    import alttester. *

3. In case of `altunitytester-java-client` dependency, we changed the name to `alttester`.

Replace:

.. code-block:: java

    <groupId>com.altom</groupId>
    <artifactId>altunitytester-java-client</artifactId>
    <packaging>jar</packaging>
    <version>1.8.0</version>

With:

.. code-block:: java

    <groupId>com.altom</groupId>
    <artifactId>alttester</artifactId>
    <packaging>jar</packaging>
    <version>1.8.0</version>

4. In case of `AltUnityDriver` class, we changed the name to `AltDriver`.
5. In case of `AltUnityObject` class, we changed the name to `AltObject`.
6. In case of `AltUnityDriverConfigFactory` class, we changed the name to `AltDriverConfigFactory`.
7. In case of `AltUnityKeyCode` object, we changed the name to `AltKeyCode`.
8. In case of `AltUnityLogger` class, we changed the name to `AltLogger`.
9. In case of `AltUnityLogLevel` class, we changed the name to `AltLogLevel`.
10. In case of `AltUnitySetServerLogging` class, we changed the name to `AltSetServerLogging`.
12. In case of `AltUnityAddNotificationListenerParams` class, we changed the name to `AltAddNotificationListenerParams`.
13. In case of `AltUnityAddNotificationListener` class, we changed the name to `AltAddNotificationListener`.
14. In case of `AltUnityRemoveNotificationListenerParams` class, we changed the name to `AltRemoveNotificationListenerParams`.
15. In case of `AltUnityRemoveNotificationListener` class, we changed the name to `AltRemoveNotificationListener`.
16. In case of `setAltUnityObject` command, we changed the name to `setAltObject`.
17. In case of `AltUnityObjectAction` class, we changed the name to `AltObjectAction`.
18. In case of `AltUnityObjectProperty` class, we changed the name to `AltObjectProperty`.
19. In case of `AltUnityPortForwarding` class, we changed the name to `AltPortForwarding`.
20. In case of `AltInvalidServerResponse` class, we changed the name to `AltInvalidServerResponse`.
21. In case of `ReceiveAltUnityObject` class, we changed the name to `ReceiveAltObject`.
22. In case of `ReceiveListOfAltUnityObjects` class, we changed the name to `ReceiveListOfAltObjects`.
23. In case of `AltUnityException` class, we changed the name to `AltException`.
24. In case of `AltUnityObjectParams` class, we changed the name to `AltObjectParams`.
25. In case of `AltUnityRecvallException` class, we changed the name to `AltRecvallException`.
26. In case of `AltUnityLoadSceneNotificationResultParams` class, we changed the name to `AltLoadSceneNotificationResultParams`.
27. In case of `AltUnityErrors` class, we changed the name to `AltErrors`.
28. In case of `AltUnityLogNotificationResultParams` class, we changed the name to `AltLogNotificationResultParams`.